It is a mineral that helps
the one that pumas
pretty simple
generally when the sensors are not touched
between the superman son
illumination
in the opposite way the insolence of man is touched
to change the function
they just have to go
feel the skin below the river
touch the left inner sensor
that has a date is up and down
to change to the chronometer fusion
in the bicol function
everywhere
recorded data of goya
turn down or something that has
taken the time the chronometer with the countdown
the kmt in the countdown function
then he resented
putting your finger on the sensor
lower right
first stopping the top right speakers
chivas resisted
that is, blur
from now on it can be reactivated always commented
of prize
first you need to stop
the alarm function
Various alarm functions one month
alarmed
wins 3
and the alarming
The time
one second of a second or a time zone or some other country that is
want to put
It can
avoid
pressing
slightly
the sensor
lower right
and putting it in the hour you want
likewise the time
for now
it can be dictated
in the same way
putting the area that we want
edited
sometimes they are even more sounded
The time
this can be
with the upper left sensor
a superior right
you can go theater
then the minutes
they change
this sensor
more with less
and the type of formats and that no 12-hour format over 24
they have not even registered
there are many functions
movies reviewing
with this sensor
and modify
with rain sensors
rights
this sensor also works
journalist urges hours
illuminates the screen and in case the low light in this case can not be
to appreciate
because we are in the day
the light I do not know
can not be seen on stage
then to activate this journalist turned off
you just have to go
they press
during five
this button
why do it
activate your successors
you will notice a double beep
When it is deactivated from there, you can use the
chorus